feat: add master resync period configurability (#1139)
kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery: docs/reference/master-configuration-reference.md

```yaml
labelWhiteList: "foo"
```

### resyncPeriod

> The `resyncPeriod` option specifies the NFD API controller resync period
> and it's expressed in hours.

Reviewer: Not necessarily hours :) Also, I'd suggest to give a bit more detailed description what this actually does

```suggestion
The `resyncPeriod` option specifies the NFD API controller resync period. The resync means nfd-master replaying all NodeFeature and NodeFeatureRule objects, thus effectively re-syncing all nodes in the cluster (i.e. ensuring labels, annotations, extended resources and taints are in place). Only has effect when the [NodeFeature](../usage/custom-resources.md#nodefeature) CRD API has been enabled with [`-enable-nodefeature-api`](master-commandline-reference.md#-enable-nodefeature-api).
```
